hello I'm Abby exploit cam welcome back
to another video today I have some
minecraft news for you and actually
there's a lot of minecraft news because
today we have some minecraft 1.9 news
today we have some minecraft Windows 10
beta news as well as some minecraft
pocket edition or point2 up win oh news
so much news for so many different
platforms and so different updates if
you do like your minecraft news please
do like 30 min let's know you do like it
and let's get straight into a sham
because like I said so much to say I
will start with minecraft 1.9 so if you
don't know the first minecraft 1.9
snapshot is coming out this wednesday
and that's basically an opportunity for
us to try out all these 1.9 features
they've been teasing a swim for so long
usually the gap between an ugly last
update and the new snapshots is a lot
sooner than this it's been something
like nine months between minecraft 1.8
and now so yeah a massive massive update
a lot of stuff to play around with i'll
probably make a few snapshots videos
maybe start let's do something but if
you want to play around minecraft 1.9 if
you do play the pc tomorrow you'll be
able to download the snapshot and
that'll be that there's no doubt gonna
be issues cuz you know this is just the
they're throwing something out there and
testing it so don't test on an existing
worlds but there will be an you know a
chance to play minecraft 1.9 essentially
even if it's snapshot form i will
quickly note though a lot of the
features we've seen so far won't be in
their shields are a big one and there's
a couple of ones and there's a lot of
features still to come and that's how
the snapshots work but at least there's
something to play we can play around the
love the stuff and see how it's gonna
look and that's something i really like
so yeah minecraft 1.9 snapshot coming
out tomorrow uh I don't know exactly
what time snack shops usually come out
but at some point them of the day is so
really excited that that that tomorrow
is the release date and also tomorrow
the release date is for the windows 10
edition beta so this is a version of the
ad brand new version of the game that's
really confused me and really confused a
lot of you a lot of you asked me to
explain this and I've looked into this
as much like can from what I can tell
the game is basically the Pocket Edition
it's not actually fully the pocket
edition it's a very separates the pocket
edition but there's gonna be a lot of
cross-platform of the Pocket Edition and
these starting you know where it's going
to start is roughly where that is
because it's going to be the pocket
edition with a few kind of really cool
exclusive pictures so you can actually
play with you know friends locally and
vimal in a most player with the windows
10 thing you do that on Pocket Edition
but it's slightly from here you do have
more slots in your hotbar then with the
pocket edition I believe it's something
like eight instead of six as well as
that there is the ability to get
achievements though so
we have confirmed recently there's the
ability to actually switch between a
controller keyboard and touching not to
be a you know having pick one or two of
those things basically controlled
support is the big one here you can
finally play the Pocket Edition game if
you want to with a controller through
Windows 10 and it's also going to have a
few really cool things including a
built-in recording system which i think
is pretty interesting the big really
cool one for me though is the fact that
if you already own minecraft from the pc
a separate game to minecraft Windows 10
this will be free to download so if you
get if you do have Windows 10 you can
have minecraft Windows 10 and minecraft
PC they're separate games it's confusing
it blows my mind but basically right now
this is kind of gonna be a pocket
edition but a little bit more kind of
version if you don't already have it
then it will cost you you know only ten
dollars which is actually pretty cheap
or you know something like eight pounds
six pounds in the UK very very cheap
price for again and yet that's going to
be out for download tomorrow funnily
enough there's actually also the release
of Windows 10 itself so if you do want
to upgrade your operating system
tomorrow's the time you'd have to do
that and if you're a pocket edition
player that has a tablet or something
maybe that's your best monsters honestly
if you're a PC player this isn't too big
news but if you're getting a Windows 10
machine soon like if you're getting a
laptop or a new if you're just upgrading
your purring system then I guess this is
gonna be pretty cool so yeah minecraft
for Windows 10 coming out tomorrow the
same day as the snapshot lie i feel as
though that's coordinated for maximum
chaos maybe oh yes can be cool because
control support is a big deal and a lot
of people aren't too great with the
touch thing having option having the
ability to switch like that is gonna be
pretty cool and it's also kind of a
preview into the future of the Minecraft
Pocket Edition because there's a few
features in there that on the petition
that no doubt no doubt will make their
way across I don't know if it's gonna
keep racing ahead because for the player
cross-platform to work the pier you know
the phones and stuff it's gonna have to
stay somewhat parallel but we're gonna
have to see exactly what goes on there I
I'm intrigued by the concept of this it
might turn out to be great in my turn
out to be just another version will have
to see won't we anyway let's move on to
the next and final piece of news today
and that relates to Minecraft Pocket
Edition naught points well point uh so
if you don't know the one the bigger
developers on that all on the most you
know pro Phillip prolific ones is Tom a
she put on muscle and basically he's
always tweeting out pretty cool face and
one of the things he'd reached out this
week was very controversial but it
actually will
to Crouching Cummings so crouching not
being the petition is one of those big
things that makes it kind of tricky to
play survival but basically if you see
this screen shot right here you can see
there are the new Crouch control so you
press down crouch and then you can see
the second screen shots with it and the
thing about this that makes it kind of
questionable is evan's like I know you
switch crouch and jump but whatís decide
to do is for the beta he'll leave it
that way and it give people the option
to switch because the second screen shot
shows you exactly how it's gonna work
that you swap jump and stick and then
you can switch it and do that so if
you're a politician player don't worry
that's all gonna be changed and fixed
and stuff it's just kind of a big deal
so yeah there is that we also have an
image of the enchantment table and he's
like accidental glitch oh no it's a
feature now and that so what we have now
so it looks like the Pocket Edition also
going to have slightly glowing in chamdo
which you actually really like their
dear I I know if this will be sticking
in the entire lease but it's still a
nice little thing this is for naught
point 12 point 0 again the update
whenever it does come out the betas
coming in August where she'd be pre
cooked by the way the the release date
for this was Oscar me the 29th but they
decided to push it back because there
there's a lot of features still missing
from that including control supports
interesting that the windows tangle at
first which makes me think there's maybe
a separate team there we don't really
know too much on that but it's really
kind of interesting so ya tomorrow there
is a really big finger minecraft 1.9 cuz
our first snapshot in eight or nine
months we've got the Minecraft Windows
10 beta if you have Windows 10 and
Minecraft Pocket Edition no point well
point 0 will follow in a few days into
August so very very exciting stuff all
round from everything there as a quick
note if you want to watch me play
Minecraft Pocket Edition or half spoon
or a bunch of of mobile games live I do
have a mob crushed channel mob crush
calm I've you exploit yeah i'll link it
in the description and if you go and
follow their you have to make an account
you'll probably get an email every time
I've streamer pretty sure that's how it
work I've ever appreciate it i am going
to be starts during the mob crush a lot
more so if you wanna check out the stuff
there tomorrow i will be streaming some
half stone here's warcraft that is
actually gonna be the new tavern brawl
so if you like your half stone or if you
just want to watch me k mobile games we
can have a cookie on a whole session the
whole time then over at mob crush calm /
IP exploit cat thank you all for
watching the video i hope you did like
it like if you liked it share if you
really liked it and subscribe if you're
new around here i make videos like this
every single day my channel if subscribe
you'll see them dead on your homepage
thank you for watching and I'll see you
all tomorrow but probably some minecraft
1.9 videos
goodbye